it's good
it was more the same
it's good night on thursday 8 august 2009 19 hours in brasília
to my left that elisângela our eternal pound girls on the right
china already talked to fener morro will talk a little bit about the anti crime project
of him was voted in the second round of pension reform in the chamber follows
to the senate so it's our interest is more attention is
the chamber initially would like the chamber to vote and discussion and vote the
crime project that gold will speak of its importance and its need
we really hope this goes forward come on we have actions today
what I most importantly is not getting the final numbers to the question
of those who robbed him of 700 kilos of gold são paulo
so we come to an approximate number is not the real yet of how many people are in charge
of gold officially out of Brazil while staying here and talk a little bit
of that proposal to legalize me gold mining companies come here take it out and
tons and tons of gold a share there close to 10 percent a little bit
below 10% is taxed and when it comes to legalizing gold mining
there are a lot of people who are against it so let's start discussing this matter for you
until you have numbers and data on how you better decide if you think
we should not do is open legal mining here in Brazil we have three young Indians
here from the raposa serra do sol indigenous reserve they will say something about the
yesterday, the 165th anniversary of the holy house of judge was celebrated here
from outside who was born again [Laughter]
we talked a few elections the role of the left here
who had talked to him is something cool, I live here is the person
who acted with great discretion and responsibility in everything he did in his
special life the squid's judgment that he thinks the squid is innocent
he says it is petrobras's what happened to it almost broke
only that of the personnel sheet
almost half a trillion reais from the bds that left
dictatorships from all over the world by friends here inside the king and to other friends too
very private as some found a small plane paying 46 for
percent interest with hi which is a shame 10 4% in a year after then the
holy house my thanks to the professionals
doctors and less staff for the way they treat and save my
life there in judge outside so much is that I consider myself a miner also after the world
here will sit on the side here health is a little bit of an environmental issue
he had a nice time yesterday yesterday I spent a lot of time there
divergent have a lot of fun there congratulations on the answer you gave to
questions and elegant they asked you are I live here the last subject there I
a show is a great meeting in São Paulo of internet users to the gamers that I
I saw on my facebook page, the people talking are very high the impulse of
electronic games look for the IRS and I saw that it really is high
tax I tried to talk to Paulo guess
I talked to Marcos Cintra of the possibility to lower the tax if
could decrease are legally can be very simple
now I can't now at that moment it gives a bigger decrease than ours
to be able to change the tax on games today would still be between 20 and 50 per
percent and the proposal our revenue go from 15 to 40
is a reduction that is equivalent to more or less 50 million less than the collection of
money that stays with the Brazilian people, not with the economy
I understand that if this tax dimension is to accompany due to the reduction in the price to
that more people will ultimately find quality because it is something not
understand very very similar there are a lot of people talking also there in
same size internet of musical material musical instruments
I haven't seen it yet because Paulo Guerra went to Rio earlier
Marcos still went to have a surgery in São Paulo next week, you will see that
can also signal in this sense now a major tax reform that
ahead of us is that these issues will all be dealt with in a
sorry that it’s not much reduction but it’s a signage morro da boa vista rua
minister in court the defendant only lets me talk my teenage son will be happy there
with the reduction of polycarbonate vinícius vereza hug and congratulations on the pec
a wonderful job still does and he came to brasilia
logically it is a different thing to work here in the executive branch
we depend to a great extent on the legislative power
his dream when giving up 22 years of magistracy is to improve himself in
fighting organized crime fighting corruption and laundering
of money and is also in his misery of justice and public security
so a lot is to go there so there's a project like six months
on camera and he would like to say something that in short is your project and
what can we do to get it voted
we are grateful for the opportunity the government presented solid projects
the new social security project that was approved now in the first round at
chamber that needs to resume employment economics but people also clamor for
more security for fewer crimes safe squares on the street and the
ministry supported by the government of the lord has
worked on this line there has even been a significant reduction in lenses
criminals that later are still high I think they will work harder but we
we have advanced in statistics point out not only government statistics
but even to organizations that are not very sympathetic government points to a drop
25 percent in Tokyo in 20 percent of that Syrian film this year in
compared to the same period last year for example the fact that the pcc dome
left são paulo and went to parts of rondônia as well as the chief of the tc was also
will certainly meet helped to reduce violence in Brazil
certainly that much of the violence linked to organized crime when it comes to
isolates in leadership and takes away the leadership ability and transmitting orders to
its soldiers on the outside this greatly impacts the efficiency of organized crime
and reducing crime is not the only factor, but it is certainly
this contributed and they were there for 12 years in the should have been treated a long time ago
time ago we did this with the support of the lord in February together wide
são paulo this was important for the time that the
secrecy was maintained from planning to completion of the mission
sinsheim was absolutely absolutely secretive and let's tackle had support from
armed forces had the support of several organs of the Ministry of Justice then
works really well and the transfer was the decision was a government decision
federal government together with the state government it was important to support the
to do this operation, otherwise I wouldn't do it, it's a decision
strategic humor the very emblematic case ok i have a project
to combat crime, right, even the case happened in mines
general is known as case care that that is it everybody knows that
this one didn’t care that it’s no longer your brother-in-law but there’s a lady in the room and
a thug came into the room and fired and hit two or three shots in the
woman accepted and then the forgiveness of the rhyme manages to get into a physical fight with
this thug rolling on the floor and he ends up with the [ __ ]'s water three shots
on the head on the marginal well what happens
is that it was in my thesis is that there were 10 there is no problem then in your project
whole you so let's go is not having a project says it takes off
the figure of the excess of questions once, even yours from your project that
there is the question of excess if it transforms into law today
that would benefit from it, the sister would benefit, it must be understood that
people are not exactly margins so when someone attacked how was it
this case is precisely the person reacting and eventually there may even be some
excess but the person practices that excess at the moment of a certain
out of control then it would be absolutely wrong in
my opinion treating or that case the brother-in-law who just helps to protect the
family as a murderer in the next and defending the family so this is a
proposal this is a proposal is in the project has
other important proposals I read your twitter today talking
criticizing the possibility that a father who killed his daughter is leaving the prison
those famous little sayings on Father's Day is this is something that the project
of crime ends and has other important measures
the prediction of the second instance options the jury's court execution and has a
as I think it is fundamentally present importance that I allow that
just explain is one that says so look if you have been convicted of a crime yourself
organized to have committed the crime in a criminal version you don't have
I did prison-like prison or regime progression
as long as you remain linked to the criminal organization
what we want we want the prisoner to re-socialize and return to the citizen
and don't go back to a soldier in organized crime
the idea with this is that it’s not just keeping people stuck but giving up
that if it stays working it will help to decrease the strength of the
criminal organizations torch thus fundamental importance of reforms
economic needs we also need to deal with
people's safety although we are doing this in your government is to reduce
this crime rate the project acquired we will have
conditions to take a leap in my opinion is no one will be able to be the
violence in brazil we have to have measures to stimulate
that perhaps she committed the crime and a large part of the crimes are
premeditated the world project has this other
ideas for sure can come up also have other ideas too and let's
address this issue with which the speed and responsibility that
we should all be waiting so long for parliament to look into this and vote
vote in a vote will certainly make some
alterations to be natural is a rare thing when any project reaches the chamber
in the Senate as well and return to the same present for sanction or veto without
changes we respect the lack of the camera
is the hope of the so-called sensitivity of this project and it is simple
allow the correction to the morumbi project government project already touched
and it is a project that interests society in general, there are a lot of people within the
parliament that supports this important project as well as the government
federal government has given impetus i'm going to ask the economic davi the
federal senate that will have a consolidated amendment proposal passed in bed to
reduce the age of criminal responsibility for some types of crime
it was not what i would like i would always spend 16 years and mobility
that it would be from that age on, but the chamber voted there, right until one
according to some parties that just for example drug trafficking and injury
body followed by kidnapping death is that that person would be tried as
adult was passed in the chamber to the senate
I say it's not what I want I don't have any ancestry on the camera has
a contact now the vote goes from the conscience or the
understanding of each parliamentarian has to be respected
so I hope you owe the name and ask him to put him on the agenda for the gift of the agenda
senate so that the reduction of the mandate is voted there and not for this type of crime
it’s another step that in my opinion doesn’t have a girl
I think that for serious crimes here is a discussion of reducing the truth just to
who assures me that by then another way of leaving the chain
people have a decision now it's justice is putting on the street around
400 minor offenders the mandatory presence offender you there is another name
right 400 juvenile offenders on lauro streets in rio de janeiro and there is molão
16 and 17 in three committed a crime committed a barbaric crime
if that proposal has already been approved in the senate and extended by parliament
these guys are not able to go to the street, this is the appeal we make when we go
with mine i am sure he will wield this flag and to put in
vote in the senate always take the excuse right here I
continued federal deputy would not be able to live outside the chamber of
deputies we want is for parliament to vote and we will respect the
result approving or not and period more one message sends no I go to
successful shopping and change places in the field with mini skirts for matters
is to do forced labor
thank you now your chair mark the saints welcome to alert the students
the reservoir this I’m on the cover of the globe here to anyone on the cover of
globe here of my god is the Tuesday the chainsaw captain
(Laughter) I'm with the captain. Serra is the
guy is passed out we ended up amazon i want to put a
amazon on the ground and if due to those in my opinion it’s unchecked right
as accurate about the deforestation of June taking into account the June
this number doesn’t look like they haven’t been checked yet
was the president's yesterday even a former president of the respected scientist inpi
commented on the television program that deforestation in Brazil has been growing already
many years has been growing since 2012 started to grow faster in 2015 16
17 18 and is yet to be measured in 2019
but this measurement of deforestation has a cause
for 20 years the staff did the ostrich policy did it says that no one
although in the amazon that has no more than 20 million people living there and that
need to have an economic activity to support themselves and their
then pretend they don’t have agro pressure they don’t have the pressure
by wood the loggers the forest management industry and also the mining
so all these people have been there for over 20 years it didn't start in your
government and social problems, moreover, a very rich region, you have
that said it is a very rich region in terms of natural wealth resources
poorer natural resources from the point of view of lack of infrastructure through
garbage sanitation that say a lot of mineral wealth wood biodiversity
but poverty for those who are there to solve this equation that you have
faced this issue well to do newspaper you have to bring it down thanks
some a defense for example thinking about it in the preservation of the environment
concerned with global warming and also inspired here by that of the chainsaw
of the globe that is not now the chainsaw was already a hundred percent being accused
without the captain put on saw today is the american course that killed indian vote
in us thanks for the English
in general the course has the captain has returned to now now here you can see no one has
doubt that Pope John has to take down so thinking about the environment
perfectly in tune with the by the newspaper the globe us to see a game very
thanks we take for example the newspaper economic value this week
so the week value publishes balance sheets of big companies here for
example irb free reinsurance in latin america is just a tuesday edition
used 11 pages 11 pages to make the balance sheet here of the newspaper
so what to do has been a provisional measure for some time now so that irb
can publish its balance sheet the official union diary in cvm or in
The company's own website no longer needs to search for the newspaper with the value
economic to publish weeks so how is the provisional measure the entrepreneurs
in Brazil that are required by law to publish their balance sheets in newspapers of
large circulation I no longer need to do it as a result is profit is less
company expense also this is more money from the shareholders of the companies that
produce other things there can ultimately make this product a little bit
cheaper you buy and then our intention was to cut red tape
deregulated is a mayor we’re right and I’m sure the value
economic should no longer public balance sheets it will get another
source for the recipe hypotension newspaper
so count on hope that on the cover of the globe tomorrow I’m no longer the captain
chainsaw made the captain is preserving the environment and the value
economic think the newspaper o Globo the gang wanted to tighten the siege with this
nickname la in bed already defended there in the senate he captain put saw
so I'm going to save on the globe good luck then I said economic no
newspaper the globe the projections do not need is that a year
businessmen will stop spending, look at a year stop spending 1 billion and
200 million reais with newspapers so what will be celebrated with all
with all the media is that the media is also supportive and I'm sure that young people
are favorable to the measure and help not deforest more to make the newspaper the
businessman for sure they are enjoying it
and there’s a detail I don’t know if it’s going to be another mp an amendment to the mp
digital oz will stay out must have been well remembered by a reporter here for
down here now the drop was from São Paulo I am not mistaken since the
notices from the city halls of the states and the union
you can also publish the zero personal cost website big hug ours is this
wonder that we have there thanks for the support
this newspaper is the planted forest now another destination but that's it
bureaucratize what Brazilian society has done well up to now
society rightly applauds this is something else every year I
waited for the moment to announce the anticipation of the 13th of the retired and
inss pensioners by decree so it was his will to do all
a president making party 4 during his tenure four opportunities
we solved then there was the economic team
it is via a provisional measure that will occupy even with all certainty it was approved
defines that every August the retiree and think about talking and know that the
first installment of the anticipated the third was installed in the
bank this gives predictability of the retiree and
pensioner right in addition to inject a little earlier
because a few billion of the market is a little early
calm vettel would vote in favor of the deputy certainly acts at home in the mouth
of the other thing, just by repeating it, we managed to increase it without
decree 13 for beneficiaries of the Bolsa Família
because if you increase expenses by fighting the test but the measure doesn’t quite understand
the pt was in power for three years, it says that
always defended the poorest, but our government here that accused them of
dictator among other things is achieved by decree so the woman being the
people who receive a scholarship went to put a family scholarship
and speaking of third and vettel toccato i'm here with my corporate card
see here not to take my side I'm here with my corporate card
challenge to the press the globe only são paulo economic value sheet mail
braziliense we will do a story tomorrow i will open
the secrecy of my card is broken and I will open the confidentiality on the card
you take note of how much I spent from January to the end of until the
end of July press press let's do a soap opera i eat and
I invite you to make a story in the past about that expense that I
compartmentalized January could be able to spend the bones up to 400 thousand reais per
year I could spend even with that average the other two years I spent half of that
accusing me is abusing spending on airfare heap of fake news stuff
but they didn’t make the matter in the global expense that I had with the card is with the
the camera's money the credit had could spend it didn't spend
government spending was left on the field now I liked the press that this is
a story said, right, my spending on corporate cards doesn’t
I will speak against the goiás and not who is challenged the press little you in the mouth
of the cashier to always have step there will appear at full gas with card
corporate is not in a hurry the idea of ​​them dealt showed to show
people who are now accusing me of spending 26 million for 1 million a month
let's discriminate here that you spent and quoted a card you don't know the
true let's apply flight 8 32 else one
little bit has to do with you a little bit right
is that we are all in favor of clean energy generation speaks
the clean source and look at solar water even we had here the students had we had here
in sobradinho in bahia visiting the hydroelectric plant of
and the first set of panels was inaugurated there.
at the accommodation there was agreed the equivalent of one hectare
detail of the detail if we were used is the whole water mirror of the whole house
which is quite large the sunlight generated during the day
obviously as well as can’t cash comes after no right
cannot have solar energy at night is the color of the energy generated with the sun with
heat stroke 6 60 times the amount of energy generated by doubts is a
pilot project of the chef for sale chef is sure that it will be
spreading something wrong all over Brazil I have the one to
important issue that you authorized over a month ago that the
so that we can dispose of the garbage to protect it
that is to say it gives another form also besides ethanol is not that the
renewable energy and that brazil is an example to the world so this has been catching up
the sugar and alcohol industry a lot behind the military government we didn't have the
little program i think all 95 percent of cars in brazil was
powered by sunday already has technology outside of brazil trucks is powered by alcohol
also in simulations is with a very steep ramp
canoes is something going uphill and of course it is still a prototype but
the issue of electric power for vehicles is increasingly have new
technologies in the world until that history of the government battery still comes back
is on paper but when I get off the paper I think it will be easier it will be a
reality is the great advantage of the battle defend that it can be reloaded in
few seconds while separating on the road at a gas station and going
have a coffee and play again to have more autonomy for 400 and 500 km
obviously this is innovative is a revolution is in transport and in the world
where the president is going to be launched now here in Brazil
the first hybrid electric flex car is a flex ethanol car that has
electric motor also has its own ethanol engine charges the battery and the battery uses
when you are not using ethanol this is a Brazilian thing that will
launch there now and that is an example of our sustainability there for the world and
formula even the formula is the formula and there are already competitions outside of brazil bring
a difficult stage for us here is quite incipient yet time will
news that this can bring this to us here during the week now the
telebrás announced from 11 is not the 17th does not have 11
the amount of biodiesel is dissolved in the diversion
it's normal that we have a large part of the best part of our
soy production for biodiesel I hope here by 2026
we managed to see 17 burn even more
from there to collectives announced by minister tereza cristina a harvest
record of 241 million tons of grain in the 2008 2009 harvest
and then I don’t know that it’s not much of a towel, but I was left with this line about going out each
increasingly happens with the chainsaw course accuses tehran of cristiane if there the lady of
poison this is president nonsense because the the
the fact that brazil has approved new pesticides means that the old ones
out of the market those who defend keeping the old ones instead
to replace it with something more modern technology is completely unaware
in fact there is a malley rule in brazil a regulation that says that nothing more serious
with higher risk can be approved so if there is something new it is at least
less burdensome with less risk than the previous
it is stupid to delay the analysis of things is almost like defending the
penicillin with much more modern drugs available is an analogy and
look it only changes from the outside when you buy anything we are having a strict
phytosanitary control if we were not producing some poison not
buy and brazil taking into account the amount of food produced
and radio consumption than Brazil when we are the fourth country in the world ahead
hence a multitude of other countries that consume the most pesticide use in their grandson
your crop the highest use per hectare of pesticides
president is in japan and out of curiosity it is the country with the longest longevity of
people live longer so much the question is not this simplicity
reasoning question to use correctly apply correctly
to respect the sun, to know how to handle it, you are creating a
program to train farmers to handle them in the most efficient way
suitable is even on the last trip to osaka
I talked to the Japanese Prime Minister because when I arrived it was soon
after lunch at the capital's bar but was already in japan
we went to a gallery and then a steakhouse at night the company went down
its the law and because the prisoner went for a walk in japan he hadn’t going to do that day
the time zone 12 hours so I went to walk to be able when I arrive
on Sunday the next day hang on and at night in a steakhouse there is
very grudgingly because he cannot spend money on the press
you know i liked you knowing only you but i will film you in the box
electronic even filming you on so we started a barbecue at night in japan
and Australian meat in two moments of the g20 group there and I spoke to those
authorities but it was there especially Japanese I invited him since he is in
Chile this year that Brazil will be able to, if you can, right the question of time zone
in addition to lunch in Brazil and I want to I want to pay for a barbecue
I want to pay for the press now I want to pay for a barbecue for the Japanese delegation
you can be sure after the Japanese open their eyes and eat our
meat and will not want more generic place in the world it will import meat from
Brazil and we intend to open up if the meat market cué with japan will
make barbecue for sure going Brazilian
you will pay the bill the champion the last subject here and I will owe
nor will I speak for something that failed to get the data from the IRS because the
business that looks only even as president is difficult is not because the
recipe time withholding from mothers nothing to do is that it is complicated to seek access from
Brazil because you know there's a lot down there so
I take a robbery here was not from São Paulo of approximately 60 700
kilos of gold we start running after where
this gold comes from where it was distracted it is private the company has an invoice
which is more important how much tax is in Brazil
so the data in the recipe is from Brazil only 77 tons of gold were extracted
77 thousand that is not true, I already worked with gold mining, it is not true only 77 thousand that
it is not that the lying recipe is not this one official data this gold that was
stolen now that it hasn't been found yet I didn't want to know how much
approximately is tax in brazil sure less than 10% even me
help percent
made a contract back there multinational companies we will honor the contracts
no problem to show you here
when it comes to riches what goes away
now that we talk about legalizing the mining that would legalize the project
knowing the legislature can be our executive who goes to bed passes in
senate so that rules are created for the poor gold digger who is perhaps too
watching the pará the rich land he can then be
garimpeiro and having the dignity that he can is also with some information is
preserve the environment do not use mercury the world falls on my head
thinking about where it’s big, right, until it preserves the environment, one of the
girls who took it from here i don't know if this one is paracatu minas gerais it would be
complicated but people can see it on the internet on google and how it looks
region there so to certain betti attack to control 70 and that there was a commitment
reforestation afterwards now because these multinational companies that are
you can quite explore brazil and the poor galli on the personal side personally
Doubt was forgetting the excuse of who to walk to the troop painting
there is no room is between us here so that a gold digger cannot
for example exercising this activity lbp wants to know if she is doing another
thing is getting closer this guy can't ta companies can what we have
idea has talked to mizael defense is doing with the air starts all
world here we want a solution for this case the bento viewpoint that the minister
of mines and energy is working on that league bill
using gold mining not only on his farm but also on indigenous lands ready
now I bought the problem with the whole world is the galaxy is going to fight
with me now that are required of the hiv lord of an escape that came close to
a hole in it here he will feel the same hole wanting the
alas if you have toothache the salles and he just
has a way to look for a dentist last year I was looking for such a general percy
from bolsonaro who was a practical dentist of that smile close to touching
and plucked with nobel taboco pliers that the Indian is our brother
they want dentist who was a doctor that snake face
usually dies could not save snake bite
really badly ricardo gomes is another thing how you see brothers you
young people dying from common illness like let's not talk about golden health
white let's not talk about fundaj is not in normal life
the state of your reservation he has a problem i don't know with the life expectancy of
an Indian in a reserve if ours is in the 72 72
I think his is only under 50 I think I'm sure but it is much more
below that is ours what they lack what they want
in this land you get an Yanomami reserve that not only in the Amazon
at the moment twice the size of rio de janeiro
imagined you take the law from end to end and tatiana fields there is no I don't know
how many km are there and not abnormal and twice the size of rio de janeiro the
sun is the text more or less much smaller fox serra do sol is much smaller than the
land-based hatch he wants to plant his up to the platform
yes she wants to plant our land if that Paulo is doable
they want his life I need people from the state to look for
take care of their lives they want to take care of their own life since it’s like we have Indians and
it looked better mature thick bush that there are no new fields even seems to us
keep the automaker that was being last year
in 2017 the amount of 120 million 129 rita or planting has changed and now
come on were assembled that were using the organism genetically
modified GMO within indigenous land that cannot be on the side of each
fence can there from each other fence cannot even the environment is the same
is a rule that is purely legal has no criterion is technical to not be able
nor are we going there are the people who like everything
natural is against the transgenic I while it is vile I have seen people defending there
is the natural food in a can of coca cola does not know the formula of coca cola
roberto is rich don't know he and his hawk professor download here steal the
nobody's idea is the event sparrow teacher wins stolen the idea is right but
it is a reality
the novelty here a message was missing 30 seconds your language proposes later
entered in Portuguese that speaks well the Brazilian favorite with China
unicom year what are they worth but the brazilian you are as brazilian as we are
peoples from this america i want the message from the purest heart of the
that this has our brothers here the people who use the index as a mass of
maneuver to scrape more and more land to leave
isolated as if it were 11 it will be I joined unerthaw this is not a class nor
ask him what they want I didn't ask him to talk to them
the gang there in fox fox Serra do Sol, the journey has a lot of camouflage, right?
more game in the amazon than in the northeastern hinterland much more we will do
everything to integrate them into society if he passes for sure he wants to create
robots for sure is more is that the electricity on the property you want
yes there is that line of flour house how is it to move the house
of flour nowadays is manually even you get a palette that calls to stir
in the flour then look at motor electrical energy the
engine on the side there makes the flour for them they want the technology that we have is
fair we deny this to human beings as
they are on our side that what we have better than that people
that they confined I don't want his good usually I just wanted money from NGOs
to keep them inside his property confine if he doesn't want it
so brazilian india is as smart as us
if you take his son and one of us here we will vote
he will grow up like that legitimate biological person’s son doesn’t have
difference and increasingly hide the Indian not
defends the Indian we are following here is seeking
build the electric power line of manaus a boa vista in roraima up to 16
years we are is Brazil is trying and not
can do is an environmental problem that practically decided to get married now
have problem with smart indigenist is using ios india to hinder
this and we spend a year on energy there, now big almost
totality now d or e mané is diesel oil is spending on what to do
putting in the account of the other Brazilians for one billion two hundred
I do not think the environmental damage of those who look to generate better, but then the
ecochato people don’t talk about it don’t talk about it don’t say that there
this old thermoelectric plant are just some of roraima generates charisma energy
and pollute the environment I don’t speak because it’s interest and not developing the state
of roraima the state has a very rich subsoil and
I’m sure I’d like they’ve already spoken here I’d like to explore the
riches that exist there you get the genetic metal map right
all the colors there are more to the north of rolling that includes fox mountain of the sun
and also Yanomami reserves the richest area in the world on the planet another quite
rich the valley of the ribeira in são paulo a lot of things too so start
attractive from paraguay already 10 years old and play and miracatu
the line on the side of São Paulo by coincidence is the land where I grew up
so there is everything there these already have everything I have said that every time I went to Rome
figuratively speaking if I were king of rome it is with technology and 20 years
would have an economy theme close to japan this is true and it is fair we condemn
the people of this land we know we have the hi to face
bureaucracy parliament soon he doesn't speak our language what is it like to get a car
it wasn’t to defend them it wasn’t to defend he’s
right to defend international interests that they have in the region
officers are interested in abusive year numbers about the Amazon region
why more and more we weaken less and less we cannot say that the
the amazon is our crazy thing was to attract the
president is the reason for our visit here in the federal capital first is
a very great honor Saturday participating in this broadcast to
I live the reason for our life which is precisely
is everything and a little more of what your excellence mentioned
we live in a very rich land will talk about grain cultivation where before
today rice farmers planted all of them minister
they are all embargoed and we are prohibited from producing an area
that is already consolidated and that there is no type of deforestation there is no type
of punishment nothing we have plowing areas with a
known in moema and we cannot produce because it is produced in large
scale we will be mutated we will have our production embargoed but that is not what
we want us we indigenous peoples we live a new lifestyle we
we are in the 21st century, there is no president or hunting and fishing
can say how NGOs claim to care for and preserve their culture that live in a way
culturally there is no possibility
in the present day of living the way that our parents used to live there is no
possibility today the demands are different today
our needs are different so we do need opportunity
to grow and develop our indigenous communities participate in the
our state's economy participate in the growth and development of our
country and we are your patriots president so much with you sir we're going
fight for our right not to remain in an indigenous reserve
only remain but producing in a way that guarantees the strengthening of the
our communities and strengthening our culture because that is the only way we can
strengthens the culture is not just the Indian year of starvation
with so many social problems today our young people are in our city and they
are being sought after by the factions and many of them being killed as
lately happening in my family the 23 year old boy lost his life because
went to look for jobs in the city we don't want that we want to have the
right and warranties on this that we produce in
large scale and that we can live well and better
we are not starving but our daily diet is not
having the quality it should be and your body very well
life expectancy does not improve due to lack of quality of life and food
the question is in the favela of the funai indian in good view the motto yes
look, folks, favela dn boa vista takes what happened
farmers in the past went to the region to get title to the land
then come the governments of the special pt but it started back there with collor fhc it was
a disgrace fernando henrique cardoso a disgrace
to Brazil on this issue of indigenous reserves as well and it was demarcated then
in the squid government your buddy has been consolidated from the marking and they stay
for example brazil the white that was there
married to an indian he had to go out with his kids if you couldn't stay
there the woman could get big or the opposite the imt married to the white one
destroy the family break up with families break up with families
the pt is an expert in this, he commented to the Cuban family that it was said that
it was like with manpower and to make money from the dictatorship of the program more
average family broke apart only mine went away from the outskirts of good view
slum Indians what we want to give the right to in addition to exploring the land
may expose tourism to land so that they can, for example, for the
tourism wealth is wonderful, right, waterfalls
lakes forest native to the culture says you can't do that there when someone
speak on the other side of the line speak that I am talking about wanting the Indian too much
remember something in bolivia who is the father of bolivia ó 100% in
bolivia after the president of the republic here he has
to be a prehistoric being within your land this is not fair and inhuman and
that is cowardice is criminal and in a large part of these reserves what is there
clandestine gold and diamond mining as it does not
we have information from tomorrow's russell honoré reservation
hello i went to say something i went there president we got there in the reservation use the
stop with the team the class ran all over and came slowly and talk
if you install yourself in case I have recorded the video of the chief
the chief of the cinta wide talks like that we want to produce nor did you say that
want to produce or do right and to and throw the subject to illegality is
doing things poorly done in taking care of the environment without being cautious loses
collection loses job loses development anything goes
looks only today as a rule a large part that says defending the Indian is
exactly the opposite is exploring but one thing I have to say in this
subject I am rondinelli chosen in the region of fox serra do sol in roraima
I would like to say not always in this line of informal conversation that NGOs today
Catholic church is so cowardly with us that the priests who are there in
indigenous land fox fox do sol can be a challenge to the press and film there
time there is an Indian almost everything from south africa everything from the outside I didn’t speak ill speak
Portuguese so this is bad for us we don't
manages to own the land that we consider to be Brazil is ours is is
along that line and the president is very sad for those who live there what unites them which is a
man who always wanted to see that relative is the worst house they have
filmed and took pictures and ask for money out there and with that they have more
ease came the management brasilia said
the pt dodô that came all week claimed 0 including it was fine
that was it and today we suffered a lot
enjoyed wanting the demarcation are gone but we who stayed here we
we are we are suffering we are suffering so much financial that we far away
of our land in roraima is full of Venezuelans and we are unable to
job where are we going to run for even when we are going to suffer and having the
wealth we cannot exploit we cannot exploit league ore
can charge anything president I would very much like it if
these relatives our brothers are there to analyze each one with great affection
let's think about our children and tomorrow we'll leave a little
i'm not campaigning but i wanted you to look at us and
feel in the skin what we are going to leave our children tomorrow their curiosity
last year all and seeing excuse ok is roraima exported in the past 194
kilos of gold I asked do you have a mine is legal and illegal is she who knows
a black gold mine takes well ends cool man they go at night
out of time they take and clothes all this wealth is
legal I don’t know why the federal government seizes where the public prosecutor doesn’t
I find charm and steal everything from the network I am a witness I have seen they passed
every big car but we go as president I can't stay for
complaint does not know is that it seeks the solution presents we will seek the solution
president we have an immigration law that I
I was two parliamentarians only speak out against immigration law when it was
discussed in the chamber the author of the law was a student if she is
here at that moment is the project it was his the senator and he was ahead
foreign ministry is an unbelievable law
Brazil is no man's land no one can enter here there are more
right that you are watching there so what happens can you do a lot
thing but we have to first must was from
information our brothers here who are here in the big suit jackets
tie or working there in the urban area you have to gradually and understand the
truth of this information war with regard to the Amazon region I have already
I spoke several times the triple to speak again next week again we have
that there is war to be able to take concrete measures that to be an event
with the project now needs a project he has no authority even if the dictator stops
seeking solutions is what these people need to show you that they are
who lives in the urban area who are the Indians they want and the great farce
the great lie of NGOs and religious entities in the case is Catholic
if they make me against these people differently from the gospel when I see
really doing a good job in that medium is regrettably a part of
catholic church tata aimed at keeping them in the state they are in
are not concerned with their development not so concerned
and treating them like human beings in time look for a solution to that the first
step we won the war here gives the communication
with you ending something but the president
thanks for the invitation to the three friends here from rapunzel just thanks for
participation I found in the morning today at the exit of
dawn I invited to come here thank you for the market now is the
next right would not be to believe me I just
I believe in them I'm here really fighting at least the people
did not call me lush only the president of only one
we had only one president is the one with the secretary of the civilian house
I don't remember the name but we left yesterday Jorge Minister Jorge
yesterday we left this one I know just received the nobel
I know the obvious is, but I will not receive anything and I was handed over to the minister
jorge no jorge minister is secretary of the civil house but ok i raise who
here came joão jo from the navy army arrived then the
Mr President, we want together with you
our brazil the indigenous people in roraima are waiting for a solution that the
president show and do and have a solution to serve our people
indigenous
we are we cannot produce on a large scale
we cannot produce and now ibama has been putting together a
eleven entrepreneurs who are producing more live in the indigenous land on the land
indigenous but the imam was on was short
I want to bring this to the attention of the business to be able to leave and
take action I want the president of all these
Brazil has a law and a country that has a law due to legal process
wide defense opportunity this is very important
Brazil is a country that has followed its constitution has a legal framework that we
we will enforce the laws respect the laws and when necessary if necessary
changes if the law is the way it works in a country that follows due legal process and
to brazil an example of this is important that we can make it clear here
i don't have any foreign aa version
is what i don't want is foreigners illegally in my own brazil
who is not here in the form of the law in my opinion has to be the same until
the half-ass is edited the ordinance weird number right 666 so that he has more
easy to do that saves to send foreigners out of brazil who
have committed crimes in your faith in your father has nothing to do with that journalist
the one that he already smart and quito accused today that the expulsion from Brazil but
we must have stricter law to protect exactly is our port nothing
as foreigners but legally within Brazil but the people of a
but I'm sorry I take a long time thanks for your attention
if i had next week we will have to have an accurate data about that theft of
gold while usually staying in Brazil ok hugs to everyone until next week if
God wants